etc/systemd/system/cockroachdb.service			    cockroachdb
etc/systemd/system/pce-collectd-ws.service		    pce-collectd-ws
usr/bin/cockroach					    cockroachdb
usr/bin/pce-collectd-ws					    pce-collectd-ws
usr/bin/pce-consoleproxy				    pce-consoleproxy
usr/bin/pce-internal					    pce-internal
usr/bin/pcecli						    pcecli
usr/lib/pce/pce-internal/index.js			    pce-internal
usr/lib/pce/pce-internal/pce-internal			    pce-internal
usr/lib/pce/pcecli/index.js				    pcecli
usr/lib/pce/pcecli/pcecli				    pcecli
usr/local/lib/cockroach/lib/libgeos.so			    cockroachdb
usr/local/lib/cockroach/lib/libgeos_c.so		    cockroachdb
usr/share/doc/cockroachdb/changelog.gz			    cockroachdb
usr/share/doc/cockroachdb/copyright			    cockroachdb
usr/share/doc/pce-collectd-ws/changelog.gz		    pce-collectd-ws
usr/share/doc/pce-collectd-ws/copyright			    pce-collectd-ws
usr/share/doc/pce-consoleproxy/changelog.gz		    pce-consoleproxy
usr/share/doc/pce-consoleproxy/copyright		    pce-consoleproxy
usr/share/doc/pce-internal/changelog.gz			    pce-internal
usr/share/doc/pce-internal/copyright			    pce-internal
usr/share/doc/pcecli/changelog.gz			    pcecli
usr/share/doc/pcecli/copyright				    pcecli
