etc/systemd/system/pcedaemon.service			    pcedaemon-ose
usr/bin/pcedaemon					    pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/index.js			    pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/pcedaemon-ose			    pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/clusters/join_node.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/clusters/join_node_internal.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/create.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/delete.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/exec.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/power.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/pull.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/snapshot/create.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/snapshot/delete.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/docker/snapshot/restore.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/libvirt/create.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/libvirt/delete.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/libvirt/power.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/instances/libvirt/snapshot/create.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/nodes/refresh_updates.js pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pcedaemon-ose/src/workers/utils.js		    pcedaemon-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/Console-CF21YpPP.js	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/Console-Chg2UgzG.css	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/Container-OtJ6BB46.js	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/InfoCard-BsCRdrGf.js	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/MainInfoContainer-DUUoGMtg.js  pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/PageWrapper-7TeNgEAU.js	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/SignIn-KBMYxk43.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/Table-BFCu1UP-.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/WarningCircle-BiFNg6cO.js	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/avatar-1-DZtjmRZd.jpg	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/avatar-2-7Xi6IlP_.jpg	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/avatar-3-BWjjY2mO.jpg	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/avatar-4-Bh5D7vo_.jpg	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/chart-BgvXJIZ4.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/favicon-D2ZTMavG.ico	    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-4GIWXcet.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-8rqX2RkX.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-Bhi64pVp.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-CTY-E75V.css		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-DTHyxAp-.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-D_We3BfC.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-DxNj9S-h.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-OPwJcK45.css		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/index-n31TFJCq.js		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/assets/logo-74gSXsPq.png		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/favicon.ico			    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/index.html			    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/marker-icon-2x.png		    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/marker-icon.png			    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/marker-shadow.png			    pceui-ose
usr/lib/pce/pceui-ose/robots.txt			    pceui-ose
usr/share/doc/pcedaemon-ose/changelog.gz		    pcedaemon-ose
usr/share/doc/pcedaemon-ose/copyright			    pcedaemon-ose
usr/share/doc/pceui-ose/changelog.gz			    pceui-ose
usr/share/doc/pceui-ose/copyright			    pceui-ose
